Feat/6487 part2 silver transformations (#144)
amido/stacks-azure-data: docs/workloads/common/data/pysparkle/pysparkle_quickstart.md

PySparkle is designed to assist implementing a [medallion data lake](../../../azure/data/etl_pipelines/etl_intro_data_azure.md#data-pipelines).
The key components of PySparkle include:

- **ETL Transformation Utilities** which streamline Data Pipelines by:
    - Offering PySpark utility functions. They accept raw data in various formats (e.g., CSV, Parquet, JSON, Delta)
    and convert it into a structured Delta format. PySparkle also facilitates pre-defined or user-defined transformations
    on dataframes.

>     - Providing storage utilities that ensure a smooth interaction with ADLS and Blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Providing storage utilities that ensure smooth and secure interaction with Azure Data Lake and Blob storage.
```

Author: done
